README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/coldark-banner.png" alt="Coldark Banner" width="400" />
</p>

# Coldark - VS Code

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=Github&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Rating](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge)

An optimized theme for web development that comes with two versions: light & dark.

## Presentation

[Coldark](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark/) is a gray-blue theme. The colors used respect the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) in order to provide sufficient reading comfort. However, with opacity, it is possible that some contrasts are diminished and that they are above level AA.

## Colors

Coldark consists of three color palettes. The first is common to both versions. The other two each apply to a version.

|                | Light Theme  |                                                          |  Dark Theme  |                                                          |
| :------------: | :----------: | :------------------------------------------------------: | :----------: | :------------------------------------------------------: |
| **Usage code** | **Hex Code** |                       **Preview**                        | **Hex Code** |                       **Preview**                        |
|  `coldark00`   |  `#E3E9F2`   | ![#E3E9F2](https://placehold.it/20/E3E9F2/000000?text=+) |  `#111B27`   | ![#111B27](https://placehold.it/20/111B27/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark01`   |  `#d8e0eb`   | ![#d8e0eb](https://placehold.it/20/d8e0eb/000000?text=+) |  `#0b121b`   | ![#0b121b](https://placehold.it/20/0b121b/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark02`   |  `#ccd6e4`   | ![#ccd6e4](https://placehold.it/20/ccd6e4/000000?text=+) |  `#304259`   | ![#304259](https://placehold.it/20/304259/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark03`   |  `#304259`   | ![#304259](https://placehold.it/20/304259/000000?text=+) |  `#ccd6e4`   | ![#ccd6e4](https://placehold.it/20/ccd6e4/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark04`   |  `#0b121b`   | ![#0b121b](https://placehold.it/20/0b121b/000000?text=+) |  `#d8e0eb`   | ![#d8e0eb](https://placehold.it/20/d8e0eb/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark05`   |  `#111B27`   | ![#111B27](https://placehold.it/20/111B27/000000?text=+) |  `#E3E9F2`   | ![#E3E9F2](https://placehold.it/20/E3E9F2/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark06`   |  `#213043`   | ![#213043](https://placehold.it/20/213043/000000?text=+) |  `#f0f3f8`   | ![#f0f3f8](https://placehold.it/20/f0f3f8/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark07`   |  `#f0f3f8`   | ![#f0f3f8](https://placehold.it/20/f0f3f8/000000?text=+) |  `#213043`   | ![#213043](https://placehold.it/20/213043/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark08`   |  `#007474`   | ![#007474](https://placehold.it/20/007474/000000?text=+) |  `#5dc2c2`   | ![#5dc2c2](https://placehold.it/20/5dc2c2/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark09`   |  `#7d6600`   | ![#7d6600](https://placehold.it/20/7d6600/000000?text=+) |  `#cdb74a`   | ![#cdb74a](https://placehold.it/20/cdb74a/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark10`   |  `#005c99`   | ![#005c99](https://placehold.it/20/005c99/000000?text=+) |  `#6ab3e4`   | ![#6ab3e4](https://placehold.it/20/6ab3e4/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark11`   |  `#237800`   | ![#237800](https://placehold.it/20/237800/000000?text=+) |  `#82c366`   | ![#82c366](https://placehold.it/20/82c366/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark12`   |  `#b800b8`   | ![#b800b8](https://placehold.it/20/b800b8/000000?text=+) |  `#ea89ea`   | ![#ea89ea](https://placehold.it/20/ea89ea/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark13`   |  `#8600c6`   | ![#8600c6](https://placehold.it/20/8600c6/000000?text=+) |  `#cf7ef6`   | ![#cf7ef6](https://placehold.it/20/cf7ef6/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark14`   |  `#aa4d00`   | ![#aa4d00](https://placehold.it/20/aa4d00/000000?text=+) |  `#d88b4a`   | ![#d88b4a](https://placehold.it/20/d88b4a/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark15`   |  `#bf0100`   | ![#bf0100](https://placehold.it/20/bf0100/000000?text=+) |  `#f57a73`   | ![#f57a73](https://placehold.it/20/f57a73/000000?text=+) |

- **`coldark00`: Default background**  
  Can also be used for some borders or as foreground for some elements (_e.g.: buttons_).
- **`coldark01`: Alternative background 1**  
  Used for text editor gutters & user interaction/form components (_e.g.: inputs, checkboxes, dropdowns_). Can also be used for some borders or as foreground for some elements (_e.g.: activityBar..._).
- **`coldark02`: Selection background**  
  Used to colorize the currently active text editor line as well as selection in editor. Also used as background (and hover background) for some elements (_e.g.: scrollbar slider, sidebar headers..._).
- **`coldark03`: Description**  
  Used for description, comment or invisible, icons.
- **`coldark04`: Alternative foreground 1**  
  Used for activityBar background (both versions) and as foreground for status bar when no folder is opened.
- **`coldark05`: Default foreground**  
  Also used with opacity for borders and shadows. Can also be used for punctuation.
- **`coldark06`: Alternative foreground 2**  
  Used for modals and floating popups like notifications or auto completion.
- **`coldark07`: Alternative background 2**  
  Used for modals and floating popups like notifications or auto completion. Also used for active tab.
- **`coldark08`: Cyan**  
  Used for tags, parameters and object-literal keys. Also used for Markup code.
- **`coldark09`: Yellow**  
  Used for hint, modified elements, numeric, constants, attributes, Markup link url.
- **`coldark10`: Blue**  
  Used for UI (text highlighting color, status bar, badges, drop background, focused elements, info, links and buttons). Also used for classes, variables and Markup headings.
- **`coldark11`: Green**  
  Used for added elements, strings and RGB value (CSS).
- **`coldark12`: Magenta**  
  Used for support, regular expressions, Markup list, CSS property value.
- **`coldark13`: Purple**  
  Used for functions, untracked elements and CSS classes & IDs.
- **`coldark14`: Orange**  
  Used for warnings, preformatted text, keywords and storage. Also used for debugging status bar.
- **`coldark15`: Red**  
  Used for errors, deleted elements, invalid or deprecated elements and opening/closing embedded language tags (_e.g.: `<?php ?>`_).

## Screenshots

These screenshots were taken on Windows. On Linux, the title bar and the menu are not customizable.

### Cold

| PHP                                                                                 | CSS                                                                                 | JS                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![Coldark Cold PHP](./assets/coldark-cold-php.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-php.jpg) | [![Coldark Cold CSS](./assets/coldark-cold-css.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-css.jpg) | [![Coldark Cold JS](./assets/coldark-cold-js.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-js.jpg) |

### Dark

| PHP                                                                                 | CSS                                                                                 | JS                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![Coldark Dark PHP](./assets/coldark-dark-php.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-php.jpg) | [![Coldark Dark CSS](./assets/coldark-dark-css.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-css.jpg) | [![Coldark Dark JS](./assets/coldark-dark-js.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-js.jpg) |

## Install

Coldark for VS Code can be installed via the extension manager by searching for "_Coldark_".

## Disclaimer

- I tested the theme on Linux (Manjaro) and Windows, but not on Mac.
- I do not use all the features of VS Code: it is possible that some elements are not correctly incorporated within the theme.
- I have not tested the versions with all possible languages, only with those that I use commonly.

I added a file named [UNUSED.md](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode/blob/master/UNUSED.md) to specify the unused settings.

Tested with:

- HTML
- CSS / SCSS
- Javascript
- JSON
- PHP
- Markdown
- Bash script

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

docs: add VS Code marketplace + OpenVSX links

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/coldark-banner.png" alt="Coldark Banner" width="400" />
</p>

# Coldark - VS Code

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=Github&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Version](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Downloads](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/d/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge) ![Visual Studio Marketplace Rating](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/ArmandPhilippot.coldark?colorA=111B27&color=d8e0eb&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=E3E9F2&style=for-the-badge)

An optimized theme for web development that comes with two versions: light & dark.

## Presentation

[Coldark](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark/) is a gray-blue theme. The colors used respect the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) in order to provide sufficient reading comfort. However, with opacity, it is possible that some contrasts are diminished and that they are above level AA.

## Colors

Coldark consists of three color palettes. The first is common to both versions. The other two each apply to a version.

|                | Light Theme  |                                                          |  Dark Theme  |                                                          |
| :------------: | :----------: | :------------------------------------------------------: | :----------: | :------------------------------------------------------: |
| **Usage code** | **Hex Code** |                       **Preview**                        | **Hex Code** |                       **Preview**                        |
|  `coldark00`   |  `#E3E9F2`   | ![#E3E9F2](https://placehold.it/20/E3E9F2/000000?text=+) |  `#111B27`   | ![#111B27](https://placehold.it/20/111B27/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark01`   |  `#d8e0eb`   | ![#d8e0eb](https://placehold.it/20/d8e0eb/000000?text=+) |  `#0b121b`   | ![#0b121b](https://placehold.it/20/0b121b/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark02`   |  `#ccd6e4`   | ![#ccd6e4](https://placehold.it/20/ccd6e4/000000?text=+) |  `#304259`   | ![#304259](https://placehold.it/20/304259/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark03`   |  `#304259`   | ![#304259](https://placehold.it/20/304259/000000?text=+) |  `#ccd6e4`   | ![#ccd6e4](https://placehold.it/20/ccd6e4/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark04`   |  `#0b121b`   | ![#0b121b](https://placehold.it/20/0b121b/000000?text=+) |  `#d8e0eb`   | ![#d8e0eb](https://placehold.it/20/d8e0eb/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark05`   |  `#111B27`   | ![#111B27](https://placehold.it/20/111B27/000000?text=+) |  `#E3E9F2`   | ![#E3E9F2](https://placehold.it/20/E3E9F2/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark06`   |  `#213043`   | ![#213043](https://placehold.it/20/213043/000000?text=+) |  `#f0f3f8`   | ![#f0f3f8](https://placehold.it/20/f0f3f8/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark07`   |  `#f0f3f8`   | ![#f0f3f8](https://placehold.it/20/f0f3f8/000000?text=+) |  `#213043`   | ![#213043](https://placehold.it/20/213043/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark08`   |  `#007474`   | ![#007474](https://placehold.it/20/007474/000000?text=+) |  `#5dc2c2`   | ![#5dc2c2](https://placehold.it/20/5dc2c2/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark09`   |  `#7d6600`   | ![#7d6600](https://placehold.it/20/7d6600/000000?text=+) |  `#cdb74a`   | ![#cdb74a](https://placehold.it/20/cdb74a/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark10`   |  `#005c99`   | ![#005c99](https://placehold.it/20/005c99/000000?text=+) |  `#6ab3e4`   | ![#6ab3e4](https://placehold.it/20/6ab3e4/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark11`   |  `#237800`   | ![#237800](https://placehold.it/20/237800/000000?text=+) |  `#82c366`   | ![#82c366](https://placehold.it/20/82c366/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark12`   |  `#b800b8`   | ![#b800b8](https://placehold.it/20/b800b8/000000?text=+) |  `#ea89ea`   | ![#ea89ea](https://placehold.it/20/ea89ea/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark13`   |  `#8600c6`   | ![#8600c6](https://placehold.it/20/8600c6/000000?text=+) |  `#cf7ef6`   | ![#cf7ef6](https://placehold.it/20/cf7ef6/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark14`   |  `#aa4d00`   | ![#aa4d00](https://placehold.it/20/aa4d00/000000?text=+) |  `#d88b4a`   | ![#d88b4a](https://placehold.it/20/d88b4a/000000?text=+) |
|  `coldark15`   |  `#bf0100`   | ![#bf0100](https://placehold.it/20/bf0100/000000?text=+) |  `#f57a73`   | ![#f57a73](https://placehold.it/20/f57a73/000000?text=+) |

- **`coldark00`: Default background**  
  Can also be used for some borders or as foreground for some elements (_e.g.: buttons_).
- **`coldark01`: Alternative background 1**  
  Used for text editor gutters & user interaction/form components (_e.g.: inputs, checkboxes, dropdowns_). Can also be used for some borders or as foreground for some elements (_e.g.: activityBar..._).
- **`coldark02`: Selection background**  
  Used to colorize the currently active text editor line as well as selection in editor. Also used as background (and hover background) for some elements (_e.g.: scrollbar slider, sidebar headers..._).
- **`coldark03`: Description**  
  Used for description, comment or invisible, icons.
- **`coldark04`: Alternative foreground 1**  
  Used for activityBar background (both versions) and as foreground for status bar when no folder is opened.
- **`coldark05`: Default foreground**  
  Also used with opacity for borders and shadows. Can also be used for punctuation.
- **`coldark06`: Alternative foreground 2**  
  Used for modals and floating popups like notifications or auto completion.
- **`coldark07`: Alternative background 2**  
  Used for modals and floating popups like notifications or auto completion. Also used for active tab.
- **`coldark08`: Cyan**  
  Used for tags, parameters and object-literal keys. Also used for Markup code.
- **`coldark09`: Yellow**  
  Used for hint, modified elements, numeric, constants, attributes, Markup link url.
- **`coldark10`: Blue**  
  Used for UI (text highlighting color, status bar, badges, drop background, focused elements, info, links and buttons). Also used for classes, variables and Markup headings.
- **`coldark11`: Green**  
  Used for added elements, strings and RGB value (CSS).
- **`coldark12`: Magenta**  
  Used for support, regular expressions, Markup list, CSS property value.
- **`coldark13`: Purple**  
  Used for functions, untracked elements and CSS classes & IDs.
- **`coldark14`: Orange**  
  Used for warnings, preformatted text, keywords and storage. Also used for debugging status bar.
- **`coldark15`: Red**  
  Used for errors, deleted elements, invalid or deprecated elements and opening/closing embedded language tags (_e.g.: `<?php ?>`_).

## Screenshots

These screenshots were taken on Windows. On Linux, the title bar and the menu are not customizable.

### Cold

| PHP                                                                                 | CSS                                                                                 | JS                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![Coldark Cold PHP](./assets/coldark-cold-php.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-php.jpg) | [![Coldark Cold CSS](./assets/coldark-cold-css.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-css.jpg) | [![Coldark Cold JS](./assets/coldark-cold-js.jpg)](./assets/coldark-cold-js.jpg) |

### Dark

| PHP                                                                                 | CSS                                                                                 | JS                                                                               |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [![Coldark Dark PHP](./assets/coldark-dark-php.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-php.jpg) | [![Coldark Dark CSS](./assets/coldark-dark-css.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-css.jpg) | [![Coldark Dark JS](./assets/coldark-dark-js.jpg)](./assets/coldark-dark-js.jpg) |

## Install

Coldark for VS Code can be installed via the extension manager by searching for "_Coldark_".

Coldark is available in the [VisualStudio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ArmandPhilippot.coldark) and in the [Open VSX Registry](https://open-vsx.org/extension/armandphilippot/coldark). So, you can install it in VS Code, Code - OSS and VSCodium.

## Disclaimer

- I tested the theme on Linux (Manjaro) and Windows, but not on Mac.
- I do not use all the features of VS Code: it is possible that some elements are not correctly incorporated within the theme.
- I have not tested the versions with all possible languages, only with those that I use commonly.

I added a file named [UNUSED.md](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode/blob/master/UNUSED.md) to specify the unused settings.

Tested with:

- HTML
- CSS / SCSS
- Javascript
- JSON
- PHP
- Markdown
- Bash script

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ArmandPhilippot/coldark-vscode/blob/master/LICENSE).
